---
layout: post
current: post
cover:  assets/images/letter.jpg
navigation: True
title: My first 50Km - A note to myself
date: 2019-10-26 10:00:00
tags: [running]
class: post-template
subclass: 'post tag-running'
author: iris
---

Dear Iris,

You used to think it's impossible. You signed up for a full marathon because you wanted to travel to Osaka. You've never ran more than 15K at that point. And you did it. You thought that was it, that was the longest run you'll have ever done and decided to hang up your shoes. Then you met a brunch of amazing friends who run with you. They are so inspiring and genuine that they made you fell in love with running again. This time you run on the trails, you've never felt so free and so connected when you run.

A few months ago you had the opportunity to participate in a 50km running race. It was your first ever ultra run, and was during a fairly stressful period when you were recovering from an ankle injury. So you hesitated. You started doubting yourself if you can really do it. Your mind started to make up excuses convincing yourself that it's alright if you don't do it. You could have rested and gone on a holiday.

But you couldn't let go of it - the one challenge that you took on and you were determined to conquer it no matter what. You started training along with paying extra care to your injury and any signals that your body and mind gave.

I admire your courage. You didn't let fear took place. Fear of performing poorly, fear of getting injured, fear of exhausted body conditions, fear of disappointing the ones who supported me.

I am so glad you took on the challenge, finished the run with no injuries and more importantly you had a BLAST!

I want to document these powerful moments for you. The moment you saw your fear but you did not let it overpower you. Instead you set your heart and mind to conquer it and you did. Whenever you face challenges or setbacks in future, I hope you can keep this in mind - "Embrace your fear or failures and there is no boundaries to what you are doing." xx

With love from,

Iris.
