---
layout: post
current: post
cover:  assets/images/bucketlist/bucket.jpg
navigation: True
title: Goodbye 2019
date: 2020-01-01 10:00:00
# tags: [adventure]
class: post-template
subclass: 'post tag-adventure'
author: iris
---

I was leaving for Los Angelos on 24th December 2019. At the time, I created this bucket list to create memories with families and friends before leaving Home Kong 🇭🇰! Goodbye for now.

1. Christmas Hotpot - ✅ Dec 14th (What's better than a dinner gathering with friends in a round table with hotpot and christmas gifts?!)
2. Veggie Dim Sum
3. Taste best egglets in HK - ✅ (Egglets used to be my childhood favorite)
4. Veggie Buffet in SZ - ✅ Nov 7th (The veggie buffet is recommended by a meditation friend, the spot is low-key, yet one of the best quality)
5. [Haidilao Hot Pot 海底撈](https://www.facebook.com/HaidilaoHK/)🌶🌶 - ✅ Dec 1st (Went for the satisfying hotpot after the twin peaks hike with my girls)
6. Hike/ run the TWINS - ✅ Dec 1st
7. Lantau 2 Peaks - ✅ December (Went with my running crew. I slept over that morning OOPS, and )
8. High Junk Peak
9. Hike Wu Tong Mountain in SZ - ✅ Nov 7th 2019 
10. Beach Clean up - Tigerhead plogging - ✅ Aug 24th 2019 (Beach cleanup and jogging)
11. Wake Surf
12. HK50 race - ✅ Oct 26th (Race of the year 2019)
13. Camp on Lantau island- ✅ Nov 16th
14. Run entire HK trail (~45Km) - ✅ Oct 12th (To celebrate Amanda's birthday, we run the entire HK trail 45Km)
15. Watch Swan Lake ballet show at Cultural Center - ✅ Nov 12th 2019
16. Visit Tai Kwun Centre for Heritage and Art - ✅ (Went with Karen after our lebanese dinner)
17. Take a BJJ class - ✅ Dec 11th 2019 (Jocelyn showed me her go-to BJJ spot)
18. Serve for a 3-day [Vipassana Meditation](https://mutta.dhamma.org/) camp - ✅ Aug 2019 (One of the best life experience I've ever had - it's a lifelong practise!)
19. Volunteer for local service at [Missionaries of charity](http://nowandzenn.blogspot.com/2011/09/volunteering-at-home-of-loves-soup.html) in SSP - ✅ Nov 31rd
20. Donate my clothings / stuff to people in need
21. Join a live music show - ✅ (my friend has an amzing vocal)
22. Learn social latin dance
23. Win a hackathon - Zoohackathon - ✅ Nov 9th 2019
24. Take the high speed train to Guangzhou - ✅ Dec 6th night
25. Balayage my hair - ✅ Nov 21st 2019
26. Pass driving exam & get a HK driving license - Dec 23rd (Embasssingly failed the test)
27. Go bouldering with friends
28. Get a whale shark tattoo
29. Visit the Jumbo Floating restaurant - the scene of god of cookery
30. Photoshoot
